Add cache deactivation for glpi docker_rebuild of security images (#283)
glpi-project/docker-images: README.md

Since the container runs as the non-root `www-data` user, traditional cron is not available. Instead, this image provides a built-in scheduler script that supports interval-based and daily scheduled tasks through supervisord.

See the [custom scheduled jobs documentation](docs/custom-cron-tasks.md) for usage examples.

## Image Maintenance Policy
Image maintenance is run and hosted on the GLPI project under the GitHub workflow [docker_rebuild.yml](https://github.com/glpi-project/glpi/blob/11.0/bugfixes/.github/workflows/docker_rebuild.yml)

### Weekly Security Rebuilds

The `latest`, current major (e.g. `11`, `10`), current minor (e.g. `11.0`, `10.0`), and current patch (e.g. `11.0.5`, `10.0.23`) tags are **automatically rebuilt every Sunday at 03:00 UTC** to incorporate the latest security patches from the underlying Debian and PHP base images.

> **The GLPI application code is never changed during these rebuilds**, only the OS and PHP runtime layers are refreshed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The GLPI application code is never changed during these rebuilds**, only the OS, the PHP runtime, and the system libraries are updated.
```
